Chris Alliman MD: Hi this is Chris, how women dictating our new patient amber Romero, date of birth is
Chris Alliman MD: This is New Mexico inpatient new patient intake.
Chris Alliman MD: Hello amber. Can you hear me. Oh, nope.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep. Now I can hear you.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you hear me.
Amber Romero: Right. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. Well, I'm Dr element. It's good to meet you today.
Amber Romero: Thank you. You do.
Excellent.
Chris Alliman MD: So my understanding is, we're going to be talking about Suboxone, is that correct
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Good. I don't know anything about you, Amber. So tell me why you want to get on Suboxone give me the history of what's been going on and help me understand here.
Amber Romero: Um, I am an 11 year IV user and I am I have tried methadone.
Amber Romero: That just didn't work out for me because I that's time consuming. Um, I tried Suboxone probably about seven or eight years ago and it worked, but
Amber Romero: I couldn't get back and forth to meetings.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: Oh, I mean, I mean that's pretty much it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions around it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, just so I can understand, well what's happening here. So you said 11 years of IV drug use. What drug, are you using
Chris Alliman MD: Heroin, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how often were you using it.
Amber Romero: Every day.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. How much were you using
Amber Romero: Now I'm up to about food programs.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. When was the last time to use it.
Amber Romero: Well, five minutes ago.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Why did you get started on heroin 11 years ago.
Um,
Amber Romero: Well what happened was that I was with was was getting high. And I wanted to try. So I tried it and I just never really stopped.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So just to check in here on a few other things is to Pete white people get started. Some people are trying to escape depression or anxiety and self medicate, were you trying to escape, any of that.
Amber Romero: No. At first it was just to do it.
Chris Alliman MD: And yeah.
Amber Romero: And then it turned into I was getting sick. And then I started like getting into car accidents and
Amber Romero: I'm just used it to
Amber Romero: I kind of use it just to
Amber Romero: Like take away the pain or even if they were going to be with. I just
I know
Chris Alliman MD: What pain, were you trying to treat
Amber Romero: What Latin
Chris Alliman MD: What pain, were you trying to use are trying to treat
Amber Romero: And emotional and then physical
Amber Romero: Really
Amber Romero: Fractured
Amber Romero: My Steve four, five and six and a crack at it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: When was that car accident.
Amber Romero: Oh, that was
Chris Alliman MD: 2015 2015 so about five, six years ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What, what were they using to try to treat the pain.
Amber Romero: There, when
Chris Alliman MD: They
Chris Alliman MD: When they prescribed
Amber Romero: Um, they prescribed me. I think it was oxy Roxy 10 cuz I'm allergic to tie them all.
Amber Romero: So that's where it started and physical therapy as well but
Amber Romero: They were doing those
Amber Romero: Like impulse control things are put on your back and said, magnetic leads
Amber Romero: Me know
Amber Romero: But I didn't feel like it was doing anything. So I kind of did. That's about and more the drugs.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, gotcha, gotcha. Besides the car accident and the neck fractures. Any other diagnoses that you carry
Amber Romero: The only one I have been diagnosed with. I mean, I don't know how
Amber Romero: How it holds up but I mean it is in the DSM they disappear.
Amber Romero: As far as mental health. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, never been diagnosed with anything.
Amber Romero: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Good of what medications do you take currently
Amber Romero: I don't
Know,
Amber Romero: Anything over the counter. Let me
Chris Alliman MD: Know, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any surgeries at any point
Amber Romero: Matter C section in 2009 and then
Amber Romero: A couple years ago I got hit with the bat and April my
Amber Romero: Left restaurant here. So I have to put a metal plate in there.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you smoke tobacco.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. How much do you smoke.
Amber Romero: Um, how about 10 cigarettes at okay
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Amber Romero: I have been smoking or
Amber Romero: 19 years
Chris Alliman MD: Has been
Amber Romero: Pregnant what
Chris Alliman MD: Sure, sure. Um, has it always been the half a pack a day or has it been more than that.
Amber Romero: I mean, it's very throughout the years.
Chris Alliman MD: Has it been up to a pack a day.
Amber Romero: I'm
Amber Romero: At one point in time, maybe
Amber Romero: Okay, but
Amber Romero: Not anymore.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. Are you working at quitting.
Amber Romero: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, just kind of steady at that, that's fine. I want the honest answer right. I'm just steady at the half a pack.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you drink alcohol.
Amber Romero: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever had an alcohol problem.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: And any drug use, besides the heroin.
Amber Romero: I'm like in my life are currently
Chris Alliman MD: Um, let's say currently right now.
Amber Romero: I'm no smoke marijuana African time
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And historically, any other drug use.
Amber Romero: I
Amber Romero: tried them all.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, sounds like heroin spend more, your, your job drug of choice, as opposed to anything.
Yeah.
Amber Romero: Yes, well,
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time that you tried anything else.
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: Oh, man.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. How often do you use math.
Amber Romero: Not too much.
Chris Alliman MD: Give me a guest.
Chris Alliman MD: Like in a month or in a week.
Amber Romero: Or um I would you have like 30 day period, I'd say like 10 days.
Chris Alliman MD: 10 days of use in 30 days.
Amber Romero: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, why are you wanting to get off the heroin.
Amber Romero: I'm because I
Amber Romero: Broke my family. I lost my kids and I have a bachelor's degree that I can't do anything with now because I might forget
Amber Romero: Because I started messing up to do things to guide me just
Amber Romero: I just thought I had. And I'm not going anywhere.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. Yeah. Um, have you been able to get off heroin in the past, you mentioned the the methadone and the Suboxone use in the past, just some problems with those
Amber Romero: Well, um, I mean that the times I was forced to because I went to jail. Yes, but
Amber Romero: My thing I would do is, all right.
Amber Romero: When we're in those
Chris Alliman MD: When you were in those situations in jail where you are forced to. Did you find anything helpful in the process.
Amber Romero: No.
Okay.
Amber Romero: Would find ways to like stop throwing up like they've given us all from or tried to anyway so that too, but
Amber Romero: During the kick process they prescribed me Neurontin I didn't feel like that helps, maybe it did. I'm not sure.
Amber Romero: Every time I can't, I end up going to the hospital.
Amber Romero: Pretty severe
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: How long did, how long does it take you to get into those severe withdrawals.
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: But 24 hours. No severe, severe probably more like a two.
Chris Alliman MD: To two days.
Amber Romero: Yeah, like so. The for the first 24 hours. It's not too bad. But after I, I'd say probably about our 26 they start
Amber Romero: Getting
Amber Romero: Pretty bad
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when you got started on Suboxone. The other time. How did you
Chris Alliman MD: How did you do that.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to wait in withdrawals, or did you just take it right away.
Amber Romero: No, I, in order for me to get the script. I have to go into city recovery and they had to sit there until I was sick. And then they would measure my symptoms on a look at 12 points go
Amber Romero: Look at my eyes, my like body temperature. I mean, whatever it is that they were looking, I had to wait and then they would give me half a strip
Amber Romero: And then I have to wait half an hour they give me the other half the district. So I have to wait for our to take two strips and then once the keystrokes was completed and they gave me a prescription
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, gotcha. As you were going getting into withdrawals before taking that first half of strip. How did you feel
Amber Romero: Um, for me, all
Amber Romero: My stomach was pretty upset.
Amber Romero: We refer to it as possible.
Amber Romero: In Moscow Spanish boy.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
Amber Romero: I had a lot of anxiety restless leg syndrome tied to
Amber Romero: My arm start to care.
Amber Romero: Okay, because it
Chris Alliman MD: Says it may smell. Does it make sense to you. Do you understand why they were waiting till you were at that point to give you the Suboxone
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Tell me why just so I make sure you understand
Amber Romero: Um, because from what I understand the narcotic can reverse the effects and sent you to withdraw. If you take it before you're supposed to
Chris Alliman MD: Right, so we're going to get you a prescription for Suboxone today we're going to do that. I just want to make sure you're taking it at the right point
Chris Alliman MD: Basically with just recently having used heroin. If you would take Suboxone now Suboxone would kick you into massive withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: And make us releasing
Amber Romero: Wait, about eight 910 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: So we want to wait till you're in moderate with drawls
Chris Alliman MD: Okay not early withdrawals and not severe withdrawals, but in the middle.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And that can be different amounts of time for different people. For some people, you know, it's eight to 10 hours. For others it's 48 hours, it just, it depends a lot on the person. So
Chris Alliman MD: I don't have an office. I'm not going to keep you here on the on the call for eight hours watching you right and measuring these things.
Chris Alliman MD: What I'm going to do is send in the prescription and you're going to kind of consider this thinking about last time you went through it.
Chris Alliman MD: waiting till you're at that same point with the anxiousness the upset stomach little bit nausea, all those feelings, you're uncomfortable. Right. But you're not in the signal the massive withdrawals and you're not too early in early withdrawals. Don't want you taking it, Ben.
Chris Alliman MD: Want to wait till those moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Okay, so that'll be typing on your part. Oh, okay. But we got lots of questions before we get there, so
Amber Romero: Okay.
Amber Romero: Let me get it.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good.
Amber Romero: Hold on a second.
Amber Romero: Do you have Andre
Amber Romero: I'm almost done with this.
Amber Romero: Down to 4%
Amber Romero: Do you need to make a play for anything.
Amber Romero: Okay, I might need one.
Amber Romero: We just finishing
Amber Romero: It can happen. Let me finish this interview real quick.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so
Chris Alliman MD: What's your living situation.
Amber Romero: I mean,
Chris Alliman MD: With who I'm sorry.
Amber Romero: With family.
Chris Alliman MD: With family. Good. And they're aware of what's going on.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, and they're supportive of you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Good. Good. Are there any little kids in the house.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay. Any little kids that are coming over you interacting with little kids.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay. The reason I asked about that is because the the residue of the Suboxone that's on your fingers around your mouth in your mouth or on the packaging is enough to cause a kid to overdose.
Amber Romero: Okay, ya know, this
Amber Romero: Like it's our faith.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, okay. And are you working, are you in school. What do you do
Amber Romero: I'm nothing. I just got a job in
Amber Romero: The end of January.
And give
Amber Romero: Us a federal Savings Bank.
Okay.
Amber Romero: But with this coronavirus is not a lot of a salary, so I
Chris Alliman MD: Have just hanging up
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Okay. Are you on parole or probation.
Amber Romero: I am on probation for the next 20 days. Well, actually I'm waiting for the judge to send my completion paperwork. So I mean, yes, but then no because
Chris Alliman MD: I'm coming over that kind of in between level.
Amber Romero: Gotcha. Yeah.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Any family history of addiction.
Amber Romero: My god is recovery 20 years, I believe, methanol Hall and then my mom.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And have you been through rehab at any point
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: What did you find helpful in rehab.
Amber Romero: Um, well, I went three times before actually completed the program, um,
Amber Romero: What I found helpful was
Amber Romero: That's the support
Amber Romero: Other people with me.
Chris Alliman MD: I can support.
Amber Romero: Yeah, rather than anything you're trying to teach like
Amber Romero: Like the brain are
Amber Romero: Going to be helped a lot too but seemed like as soon as I got into the streets know it kind of went out the window.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right. I'm going to ask you a bunch of yes or no questions. And these are just about when you've been using heroin so
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't understand the questions and I need to repeat them. I certainly can. Or I can explain them.
Chris Alliman MD: But just kind of yes or no. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So with the heroin where you often taking larger amounts are taking it over a longer period of time than intended
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the heroin use
That
Chris Alliman MD: Was a great deal of time spent in trying to get the heroin use the heroin or recover from the heroin.
Amber Romero: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: You get cravings, or a strong desire to use heroin.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Has heroin caused failure to fulfill roles at work at school.
Chris Alliman MD: Or at home.
Chris Alliman MD: If you continue to use despite having despite it causing
Chris Alliman MD: Social or relationship problems.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social recreational or occupational activities because of heroin.
Amber Romero: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use in situations that were physically hazardous.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And have you continue to use despite knowing that there can be a physical or psychological problems caused by the heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. All right, good. Thank you for humoring me with that. I'm good.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you know your hepatitis C status.
Chris Alliman MD: Positive. Okay. Do you have a primary care doctor
Amber Romero: No. See, the last time I
Amber Romero: checked into it.
Amber Romero: I just
Amber Romero: didn't really care to check
Amber Romero: Under his
Amber Romero: Shirt or whatever. But I haven't, I haven't
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. So we're not a primary care office right so we don't do all that other stuff. But there is a very good cure for hepatitis C, very easy to do. But we just encourage you to get a primary care doctor get connected so you can get working on those things.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I'm going to run through a list of symptoms here kind of head to toe. Again, just yes or no. But we're thinking over the last two weeks with these
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So over the last two weeks. Have you had fevers.
Chris Alliman MD: No, night sweats.
Amber Romero: Well,
Amber Romero: But he talks.
Chris Alliman MD: Shirt anything
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah okay chills.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, cold intolerance.
Amber Romero: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Vision changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No hearing changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No bloody noses.
Chris Alliman MD: Know lip sores.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, neck pain.
Amber Romero: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: COUGH.
Amber Romero: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
Chris Alliman MD: No Chest pain.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Stomach pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Nausea
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Chris Alliman MD: No diarrhea.
Chris Alliman MD: No constipation.
Amber Romero: Now, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Pain with urination.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Change in hair texture.
Amber Romero: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Changing skin texture.
Amber Romero: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains.
Chris Alliman MD: Back pains.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Muscle cramps.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, headaches,
Chris Alliman MD: Dizziness
Amber Romero: No.
Weakness
Amber Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, depression,
Chris Alliman MD: Anxiety.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: difficulty sleeping.
Chris Alliman MD: The nation's
Chris Alliman MD: Hallucinations
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, hopelessness.
Amber Romero: Yes.
worthlessness
Amber Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Little bit. Okay.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so now we get to the interesting part where we try to do the vital signs and the physical exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Kind of hard to do through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: But I've been watching you and your breathing, your breathing rate is normal. So we're going to put that down as normal as
Chris Alliman MD: How tall are you,
Amber Romero: Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Bye five and how much do you weigh
About
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And do you know how to check your pulse.
Amber Romero: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so what I'm going to do you find your posts, and I'm going to time you for six seconds.
You're gonna
Chris Alliman MD: You're going to count the number of poses during that six seconds. And that'll give us your heart rate. So tell me when you're ready.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop.
Amber Romero: Hold on.
Chris Alliman MD: Let's do it again.
Amber Romero: Okay, I'm ready.
Chris Alliman MD: Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop 1010 alright so we take that times 10 and that gives us a heart rate of 100 good. The only other part of the physical exam is just having a push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: So you can push out your stomach and let me know if it hurts. While you do that.
Amber Romero: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Alright, so that's it for the physical exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you know about our program.
Chris Alliman MD: Got muted. Hold on.
Chris Alliman MD: I can't unmute you.
Chris Alliman MD: There we go.
Amber Romero: Okay, what was that
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you know about our program.
Amber Romero: I'm from what I understand there's weekly
Amber Romero: Maybe a weekly meeting with therapists.
Chris Alliman MD: That's exactly correct. Yep.
Amber Romero: Everything's done virtual and Africa.
Chris Alliman MD: Exactly. You got it nailed. Well done. Um, so yeah, we have to pick a group for you and that will help us workout which therapist to have you. See also. Okay. So it sounds like you're pretty open on your days right now is that right
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Okay, so I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Trying to think here.
Chris Alliman MD: I have a
Chris Alliman MD: Friday 12 noon group that would work out pretty well. Are you available Friday at 12 noon.
Amber Romero: Yes. So if I go to my calendar. Is it gonna disconnect us
Chris Alliman MD: Um, I don't think so.
Amber Romero: I'll just, I'll remember that.
Chris Alliman MD: So here, here's what's actually going to happen. I'm going to send you an email with this information on it. So then you'll be able to transport it in there. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Your email I have list at listed is Amber Romero at four at GMAIL. COM
Chris Alliman MD: The R is shared between your first and last name.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm also I'm also going to send in a prescription for Narcan
Chris Alliman MD: The nasal spray for overdose. And just to have it around.
Chris Alliman MD: There'll be a bunch of refills, so you can get that taken care of. Okay.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep. Also get you connected with a therapist to do the intake and then we'll help to work out which therapist to see the therapist that helps to run the group on Friday noon is very busy. She's not taking new patients right now.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that's fine. We'll get you connected with with someone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to send in a prescription for Narcan I'm sorry for Suboxone for four days.
Chris Alliman MD: After those four days.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll get your next prescription sentence. Generally, what we do is we send a prescription from
Chris Alliman MD: Group time to therapy and then back from therapy to group. So, usually there's two prescriptions, a week.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, what pharmacy. Do you use
Amber Romero: Walmart.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to tell you that these instructions on how to take the Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: It won't be printed on the bottle because they're too long for the pharmacy to put on the bottle.
Chris Alliman MD: But I'm going to email the
Chris Alliman MD: Email the instructions to you. Also, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you'll have them there. Okay, so first of all, moderate withdrawals. Right. We want to wait till you're in moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, you're in
Chris Alliman MD: When you're in moderate withdrawals. You'll take one full film.
Chris Alliman MD: Two to four hours later if you need to, you can take half of film. And if you need to two to four hours after that you can take another half of film.
Amber Romero: Okay, um, the for the for is supposed to last me how many days.
Chris Alliman MD: So there's so there's going to be 10 films for four days.
Amber Romero: They appeal.
Film
Amber Romero: Okay.
Amber Romero: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then on the second so you heard how to take it. The first day on the second day, you start with your total amount from the first day.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I assume you're going to take this here.
Chris Alliman MD: You'll take the two films. The first day, I assume. So the second day, you'll start with two films.
Chris Alliman MD: First thing in the morning.
Chris Alliman MD: And then two to four hours later you'll take another half a film. If you need to, in two to four hours after that if you need to, you can take another hath fulfilled.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's a total of three films on the second day if you need to.
Amber Romero: On the third day
Chris Alliman MD: You take the total from the second day, so if you only took two on the second day that's what you start with on the third day
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: If you took all three on the, the second day that's what you take on the third day
Chris Alliman MD: There's but there's no extra films during the day, it's just those three
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: On the fourth
Amber Romero: Day and not right.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's the maximum we use. We don't go higher than that. Anyway, but on the fourth day
Chris Alliman MD: You'll have just two films for the day. This is to help you get through the withdrawal time
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Okay. And then on that fourth day I'll send in a new prescription
Chris Alliman MD: To get you going again likely you'll be in grew up in group this Friday because that's going to be like, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday somewhere, somewhere right around there. So,
Chris Alliman MD: We refill medication that group time
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: At group and it there. So if you miss group you miss therapy, you're risking going without medication. Make sure you attend. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Now here's the part. Here's the part about checking in. For group for for Friday 12 noon you calling into the virtual clinic, like you did today is like going to the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office. There's always align and there's always paperwork to do
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so that means don't wait
Chris Alliman MD: Don't wait until five minutes before group time to call in, because you're not going to get in.
Chris Alliman MD: Call in about half an hour ahead of time so you can get everything taken care of. You don't have to stay on the line. The whole time, they will email you the ID to get into our zoom meeting like you had today.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Does that make sense.
Amber Romero: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so put an alarm on your phone. Put reminders on the phone, whatever it takes for you to get in there on time.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. So like I said, I'm going to send you a couple emails one with instructions of how to take the Suboxone to get started. The other one is going to be information about getting connected to our group meetings on Friday.
Chris Alliman MD: And I'll send in the Narc can also and I'm going to see you, then this Friday at 12 noon for group.
Amber Romero: OK. OK, I will be fighting
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And just so you know, there are a couple rules for group. I haven't pushed these hard because you're new and everything, but no smoking during group.
And we want you seated.
Chris Alliman MD: And we want you seated and paying attention.
Chris Alliman MD: Focused on the group meeting and not doing other things.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Should be easy for you. I think
Chris Alliman MD: Good amber. Do you have any questions.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I know I hit you with a lot of information. I know there will be questions as we go along. So be sure that you ask them as as they come up. Okay.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The virtual clinic is always there. If you need to get in touch with us do it through the virtual clinic.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. I'm going to get your stuff taken care of.
Amber Romero: Okay, well, what are you studying
Chris Alliman MD: I'm the one most likely that they put on file for you. Let me look it up really quick and we'll just confirm that we got the right one. Okay.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So give me a moment as I get into your chart.
Amber Romero: I think it's Walmart on do a I gave them one the other day.
Amber Romero: Yes, it is.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me see what we got listed here.
Chris Alliman MD: I have Walmart on San Mateo, the zip code is 87108
Amber Romero: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so that's where it's going to go. Okay.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Very good. Any other questions, Amber.
Amber Romero: Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. You bet. You have a good day and I will see you on Friday.
Amber Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Bye bye.
Amber Romero: Bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Right dictating on this patient should have most information. So I compression patient with substance abuse and some anxiety symptoms pay the students level of stress to severe and includes economic relationship problems relationship stressors are significant regarding her kids.
Chris Alliman MD: Who she is not allowed to see
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations appears concrete on exam, she denies a history of psychiatric treatment or hospitalization.
Chris Alliman MD: Review systems should be in their
Chris Alliman MD: Assessment and Plan F 1120 induction plan.
Chris Alliman MD: P and P reviewed and there was nothing present at this point patient will get connected with Friday, New Mexico groups Friday at 12 noon.
Chris Alliman MD: will connect
Chris Alliman MD: For a bio psychosocial with therapy and also work and getting her connected with a therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Education on the station.